hey whats up this is sean malto i'm
gonna teach you guys how to think he
folk at the right way like people who do
it all the way like homos that's not
cool you slide it slide is the way to go
trick the best main strip of this feet
right here just like this your foot
fakie flip idea and then this bullet
right here it's just like a fakie 360
flip but without the flavor if you know
the trick trick to doing this is dispute
before you call loved one in style do
the back and forth just the way to wash
this stuff that's come is it cool x yeah
oh I thought I talking about Mac I heard
he got assraped yeah there's a lot of
things I can go wrong it's just
confident happens you don't pop
you do pop it'll look a lot like this
it's a pop exactly that's a huge problem
say you're rolling up to like a pirate
hat 12 you're all ready to cook okay
Landing like this breaking your ranking
like okay one very big piece of
important information stick this
somewhere deep in dear to ask all if
you're gonna learn these you're like
practice on them every day when you're
on ground flat ground you can slide them
but when you're taking them down stuff
anything even a curb yeah through the
full rotation you try you land like this
imagine landing like this broken ankles
so full rotation
thank you all right you've seen this is
my barriers my box my kickers ramps my
niggas thanks MTV trick tips and ask you
to leave get the out of here and be
sure to stop god that's right